fix(curriculum): add word nesting & comments to nutrition-label-step-43 (#49070)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-typography-by-building-a-nutrition-label/615f6b2d164f81809efd9bdc.md

# --description--

> After your last `.divider` element, create a `p` element and give it the text `Total Fat 8g 10%`. Wrap `Total Fat` in a `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`. Wrap `10%` in another `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`. Finally, nest these two `span` elements in an additional `span` element for alignment.

Reviewer: The desired outcome is:

```html
<p>
  <span>
    <span class="bold">Total Fat</span> 8g
  </span> 
  <span class="bold">10%</span>
</p>
```

These instructions suggest:

```html
<p>
  <span>
    <span class="bold">Total Fat</span> 8g <span class="bold">10%</span>
  </span>
</p>
```

Reviewer 2: @ShaunSHamilton Yes, you're right! I have tried to rectify it. Hopefully the wording is more accurate and helpful now. Let me know if there's anything I can do to improve it. Thanks for the feedback! 🙂

> After your last `.divider` element, create a `p` element and give it the text `Total Fat 8g 10%`. Wrap `Total Fat` in a `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`. Wrap `10%` in another `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`. Finally wrap both the `span` element `Total Fat` and the text `8g` with a `span`, so that they are nested together inside a `span` element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After your last `.divider` element, create a `p` element and give it the text `Total Fat 8g 10%`. Wrap `Total Fat` in a `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`. Wrap `10%` in another `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`. Finally, nest these two `span` elements in an additional `span` element for alignment.
```

    <div class="daily-value small-text">
      <p class="bold right">% Daily Value *</p>
      <div class="divider"></div>

>       <!--Add your code below this line-->
>       
>       <!--Add your code above this line-->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
